Copyright (C) 1998, 1999 FastIO Systems,  All Rights Reserved.

FastIO Systems
http://www.fastio.com/
clibpdf@fastio.com

This publication and the information herein are furnished AS IS.
We at FastIO Systems have tried to make the information contained
in this manual as accurate and reliable as possible.  However,
FastIO Systems disclaim any warranty of any kind, whether express
or implied, as to any matter relating to this document, including
the merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose.  FastIO
Systems will, from time to time, revise the software described in
this manual and reserves the right to make such changes without the
obligation to notify anyone.  In no event, shall FastIO Systems be
liable for any indirect, special, incidental, or consequential
damages arising out of use of this manual or the information contained
herein.

Restricted Rights Legend:  Use, duplication, or disclosure by the
Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraph
(c)(1)(ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software
clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 (or, if applicable, similar clauses
at FAR 52.227-19 or NASA FAR Supp. 52.227-86).


FastIO, ClibPDF and JlibPDF are trademarks of FastIO Systems.

PostScript, Acrobat, Adobe Illustrator, Distiller are trademarks
of Adobe Systems Incorporated.  Apple, Macintosh, and Mac are
registered trademarks of Apple Computer, Inc.  FrameMaker is a
registered trademark of Adobe Systems, Inc.  ITC Zapf Dingbats
is a registered trademark of International Typeface Corp.  Helvetica
and Times are trademarks of Linotype-Hell AG and/or its subsidiaries.
Windows is a trademark and Microsoft is a registered trademark of
Microsoft Corp.  NEXTSTEP, OPENSTEP, and NeXT are trademarks of
Apple Computer, Inc.  UNIX is a registered trademark of UNIX Systems
Laboratories.  All other brand or product names are the trademarks
or registered trademarks of their respective holder.


All figures including the cover of this manual have been generated
entirely by programs that make use of the ClibPDF library.  No
drawing or illustration program has been used to create included
figrues.  In some cases, the figure PDF files have been converted
into the EPS format using Tailor by FirstClass NV for importing
them into FrameMaker.  This manual has been set by using FrameMaker.

Version 2.00, August 24, 1999.
